Added lossless case for image/webp and quality 1 for canvas toBlob and toDataURL (#17302)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlcanvaselement/todataurl/index.md

- `encoderOptions` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} between `0` and `1` indicating the image quality to be used when creating images using file formats that support lossy compression (such as `image/jpeg` or `image/webp`).
    A user agent will use its default quality value if this option is not specified, or if the number is outside the allowed range.

>   - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} of `1` will use lossless compression for `image/webp`.

Reviewer: What about:

```suggestion
  - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} of `1` will use lossless compression of `image/webp` on some browser (Chromium-based), and use lossy compression on others (Firefox, Safari).
```

Author: I'll leave out Safari, it does not support webp yet.

Reviewer: But it does support image/jpeg, doesn't it?

Author: Yes, but that is already covered in the previous bullet above the change

Reviewer: Still, we need to explain what will happen for the value 1 on browsers that don't support `image/webp`: Will they use an image/jpeg or an image/png?

Author: Both toBlob and toDataURL takes in type and quality as positional parameters, thus quality can only be set if type is already given.

It is not possible to set the quality without a type.

Author: Here is a sample of the various cases. https://jsfiddle.net/c3fmayw8/1/
